hello we begin in Gaza where Israeli war
planes have continued their attacks on
residential areas in the center and the
South a warehouse Sheltering displaced
Palestinians was hit
inah ambulances took the injured to AA
hospital nearby at least 27 a half
thousand Palestinians have been killed
since Israel's war on Gaza started in
early
October and a series of Israeli air
strikes have also targeted the city of
fah in southern Gaza ambulances took the
injured to the Kuwaiti Hospital nearly 2
million Palestinians are in the area on
the border with Egypt after being told
by Israel to leave the north of Gaza
displaced Palestinians who fled to
Central Gaza from the north say they
have no water to
drink we don't have a single tomato
there is no water no electricity no food
nothing to drink no bathrooms we use the
tents and we drowned our women drowned
our children drowned and we are
humiliated it's enough it's enough we do
not want Wars we've been displaced from
Gaza for 115 days today we've been
abandoned we have children and now we're
infected with diseases it really is
truly enough we'll now speak to Han
Mahmud Han's joining us from ra and
Southern Gaza Han and that is where
there have been air strikes overnight
and also um increasing worries that the
ground offensive
May begin soon what are you hearing on
the
ground yes Daren we're not only will
looking at more than half of Gaza
population crammed in RAF City displaced
hungry cold but more profoundly right
now and given the attacks and overnights
and early hours of of this morning in
fact ongoing artillery Shilling and
massive built of fires around the city
city of RA we're seeing a largely
terrorized population overnight we're
talking about 11 people have been killed
inside residential homes they were
Sheltering in in a series of Relentless
air strikes in Salam at Salam
neighborhood that's at the southern part
of rafah City very close to the Egyptian
rafah border as well as in the central
part of rafah City an area largely
designated a safe area for the vast
majority of displ Palestinians who
arrived to had the initial weeks of of
the war and more of this just within the
past couple hours a more intense bombing
campaign taking place is still in ra
City while at the same time there is a
growing fear and concern of an imminent
ground Invasion going to come to RAF and
very consistent largely consistent with
statements made by the Israeli military
officials or the political leaders about
the intention of coming to ra just
throwing the fate of all displaced
Palestinians here the 1.9 million
displaced pal to uncertainty as there is
no place to go to ra is the last safe
refuge for palestini and it hasn't been
largely safe and uh since the beginning
of the war it has been repeatedly
attacked and causing great deal of
damage and causing further civilian
death particularly in areas in central
of the western part of it where Al maasi
evacuation Zone has been set up for
hundreds of thousand of pal who have
turned the city into a t Camp so far in
central area on Khan unun the more of
the bombing campaign continues to crush
remaining residential buildings causing
further civilian casualties in D Bahan
area again designated a safe area a
warehouse where uh hundreds of
Palestinians where Sheltering inside
came under heavy artillery Shing and
heavy machine guns by tanks several
people were injured and rushed to alaka
hospital right in Han unun around the
vicinity of Naser Hospital the remaining
Residential Building were targeted
destroyed and just causing a great deal
of panic for those who remain inside the
hospital particularly in elderly and
injuries inside the hospital yeah and
hany the the
humanitarian uh disaster uh continues to
unfold and we're hearing reports of
people in parts of the Gaza Strip who
simply don't even have drinking
[Music]
water yes that is correct and around the
area where we're reporting it from there
is a a a a desolation station here that
hasn't been operating efficiently given
the fact that there is not enough fuel
to run the power generators so people
can get access to clean drinking water
the vast majority of water available
right now is contaminated water and we
we we we are aware of the cases
documented by the World Health
Organization I and by Medical Teams in
ra city of of the spread of diseases
particularly poisons and hepatitis A
given the contamination in the the
drinking water particularly in
evacuation zones where we talk about
very crowded packed areas and and list
sanitation available right now the
infrastructure for Hygiene has been
largely destroyed or severely damaged by
the ongoing uh bombings it just not only
drinking water that is not available but
also basic needs we're talking about
survival items things that are needed by
women as well as newborn babies or
little children who are in need of these
survival items to help them combat these
difficult condition now all of this
happening of course while at the same
time there mounting pressure as again
talks about the possibly ground invasion
is going to cause further destruction
and further civilian casualties and it's
important to point out the vast majority
of health facilities in Rafa City are
small or midsize Hospital largely
unequipped and unprepared for large
numbers of injuries thank you so much H
Mahmud reporting for us from in the
south of the Gaza
strip